
    show mc normal
    m "Actually, there's this arcade I've always wanted to check out-"
    show alice confused
    ali "An arcade?"
    m "We could go and I could maybe try show you how to play some video games."
    show alice surprised
    ali "What's that?"
    show mc normalside
    m "Like... you pretend to be someone else, and you complete fun missions using a device."
    show alice neutral
    a "..."
    a "I trust my expression speaks for itself."
    show mc confused
    m "You want to find stuff you're interested in right?"
    show mc annoyed
    m "How do you know you don't like it if you don't give it a go?"
    show alice pout
    ali "..."
    show alice mendokusai
    ali "...FINE~"
    scene arcade with fade
    show mc surprised at right
    show alice disappointed at left
    with easeinbottom
    #black scene


    #Change this so alice has an appropriate amount of knowledge about this stuff
    $ arcadeWent = True
    m "Woah, look at this place! They have so many retro titles!"
    show alice normalside
    ali "Isn't that like a nice way of saying they're charging a dollar for games that have been out of date for like 30 years?"
    show alice confused
    ali "Can't you play these on your computer anyway?"
    show mc normalside
    m "I guess I could set up a MAME emulator on RetroArch, but-"
    show alice annoyed
    ali "Are you listening to yourself right now?"
    ali "I have no fucking clue what you're talking about."
    show mc awed
    m "I just meant like, we could use my PC..."
    show mc normalside
    m "but then we're really compromising on the authenticity of the experience."
    show alice smug
    ali "The experience of being in a run down shit hole?"
    show mc surprised
    m "Woah! They have that weird train game?"
    show mc happy
    m "It's a weird Japan-only game where you play as a train conductor and like, there's train levers, and-"
    show alice neutral
    ali "You're really making this whole gaming thing SO interesting."
    show mc normal
    m "Well there's a whole bunch of other games too."
    m "What kind of thing do you think you might like?"

    show alice confused
    ali "I don't know... What about that one over there?"
    show alice happy
    ali "Those little dinosaur things are kinda cute~"
    show mc happy
    m "Oh Bubble Bobble?"
    m "I haven't played that game since I was a kid."
    m "Lemme get some tokens..."

    #interlude
    show black with dissolve
    "You show Alice how to move, blow bubbles, and capture monsters."
    "She quickly grasps the basics and is able to beat the first level without any issues."
    "However, after only a few levels, the difficulty begins to increase dramatically, and before more than a few minutes have passed..."
    show alice annoyed
    hide black with fade

    ali "Game Over? What the fuck is this shit?"
    show mc annoyed
    m "In these kind of games you only get a few lives, and if you use them all up, you need to pay more to keep playing."
    show mc happy
    m "Do you want to keep playing this?"
    show alice sulk
    ali "What's the point? What do I {i}get{/i} if I keep playing?"
    show mc awed
    m "Well... The satisfaction of having gotten further, and accomplishing something that not many people have done?"
    show alice disappointed
    ali "That's stupid."
    ali "Who cares if you are the best in the world at playing stupid children's games?"
    show mc normal
    m "..."
    show mc sulk
    m "It's not stupid to me..."
    m "...or lots of other people."

    m "These games represent memories of our childhoods."
    m "Friendships."
    show mc normalside
    m "Although looking around here, you might not get it but..."
    m "There are all sorts of games."
    m "Games about guns, games about fishing, games about defusing bombs."
    show mc stressed
    m "Games about just talking to people."
    m "Games that give you a new outlook on the world..."
    show alice neutral
    ali "..."
    show mc awed
    m "Games to play by yourself, games to pass the controller back and forth..."
    m "Games that let you meet new people."
    m "I think that for me, it helps to feel connected to something bigger."
    m "The community of people brought together by having this small thing in common."
    show mc normalside
    m "I just thought it would be cool if you would be able to find something like that too."
    show alice sulk
    ali "I guess..."
    show alice normalside
    ali "I'm sorry okay?"
    ali "I shouldn't have called it stupid."
    show alice normal
    ali "But even so, I don't really think this is for me."
    show mc slightsad
    m "Okay... let's go home."