one character plays into light novel tropes but the other is not from the same genre. 
tsundere thins when alice allows mc to spray her (Day 3). 

Day 1:

after gets out box, first cg of her leaning forward hand on chin kuudere like Senjogahara expression. He freaks out and pushes her away.
“fine whatever guess i’ll go screw some other guy”
mc uses discord
then goes to look
not sure where to look = anxious. hypes self up to go outside and search
hears a girlish squeal
runs to bathroom
he thinks it’s alice’s screaming, but once inside she’s like wtf it was him not me - points to neighbour showering.
neighbour is a eldritch blob (on the friendlier/shocked side with dyed hair). in funny jojo pose covering parts and very scared.
brief argument where alice chastises mc on being too scared to do her.


mc grabs alice and takes back to room
argument: she blames him for her actions. angry tear up. “What am I supposed to do? you’re an asshole and how else am i going to get that affection.”
he is still annoyed and awkward and flustered but apologises to get bed to feel better since she’s crying a bit. especially since inner thoughts guilt him.
she brushes off his tenderness
“Oh whatever.”
this irks him and he’s like “Fine if you’re not ready to hear it.”

However they agree to disagree.
mc checks website. shocked that she  only lives for 3 days.
she’s like “I know, and I have to spend it with YOU.”

He also sees that she’s poisonous and freaks out. Alice is annoyed by his reaction and hints at this hatred/fear towards her being unjustified and unfair. “You think they’re going to kill their customer base? They thrive on repeat customers.”

She’s a bit sad/angry. “Relax. i won’t do anything anyway. I can tell I’m not wanted.”

- bad route idea: he dies, but it’s not her poison that kills him. It’s his OVERREACTION and fear of her poison that kills him.

Tension again. He wants to clear the air a bit. suggests goes to rooftop. He talks excitedly about the stars. She’s like “Okay I guess. i don’t really see the point.” He describes how people can find meaning in the stars. she SUBTLY goes from making fun of it and calling it stupid to warming up to it.

Back at room. When he gets in to sleep, she starts to pull back the cover and climb in bc she assumed that’s what she was supposed to do.

She demands he gives her something to do while he sleeps. “What, you expect me to just wait?”
mc says he guesses she can just go on her laptop.

Day 2: 

wake up. Alice is bored and tells you to take her to the mall and buy her clothes (so she can be prettier).


while out, she makes comments here and there that show her interest in creating and having a sense of identity/srtle. eg. “If I made this game, I’d make the characters cuter or something.”/“Could you draw X on this latter instead?”


Parent Phone call.

Day 3: 

argument: During the day, he is jealous of her progress and she comments that if he had start it already, then he’d probably have a better life too. (i’ve worded this poorly but the point is he takes great offence at her suggestion that he’s been lazy/no ambition/hasn’t tried.)

He shouts at her that he WANTS to accomplish things creatively like her. waiting for permission to start life.

Alice says that she doesn’t have the luxury to just wait for a lightning bolt of realisation, just had to pick something! 

etc…


So fundamentally this is a story about extrinsic validation and the toxicity of it
but i don't feel like i'm adaquetly addressing a lot of the points
so for example
alice is supposed to be born as someone who is programmed to have internalized socialtal standards about women
than being pretty and having men attracted to you (not for what you are able to accomplish) but because of the image of who you are
is fundamentally toxic to not only those around you but to yourself as well
and i don't feel like i've caputered that
So maybe something to do with like
when mc doesn't love her she gets really bad dysmorphia or like
tries to modify her face with a knife
in a bad end or something
could be a cool way of dealing with those themes
i think maybe it's better that i wall of text
and wait until i'm done before hearing your takes
as i want to try to clearly get what i was thinking about out
(still want to hear afterwards tho)
I think the main character dealing with toxic masculinity from his discord friend and dad is good
but it feels a little unnatural and not super cohessive rn
so maybe we can just brain storm some more about that
especially to do with his realtionship to alice
that maybe at first she should be more like
"if you were a real man..."
sort of stuff
at least at first in day 1
also i think there should be a bit more conflict in terms of like maybe
them brushing off this gendered society thing to each other
like "you have it so much easier"
i think like
a fundamental women experience is that there's an assumed like
standard of beauty and those below it are hardly considered like
people
but if you are concerned at all with being over that line, and being into beauty or whatever
then you're seen as vain
Miso — Today at 12:10 AM
that double standard feels very important here
like the contrast between a society that punishes you for not complying, but berates your attempts to comply
So I want to fit that in some how
ummmm
yeah that's it
i also feel like maybe the day3 ending should also focus on the concequences of this like
expectation of greatness
the option paralysis of like
"i can be anything, but here i am in my room getting nowhere fast"
the dread of not having your ideal life
And that the route should be about overcoming and coming to peace with a healthier mindset of
doing stuff because the act itself is rewarding
and that sharing it with people can also be incredibly wholesome
etc
okay now im really done hopefully maybe
